OSDOCS-17704 updated create-only mode (#104178)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zero-trust-manager-restart-reconciliation.adoc

= Resuming Operator reconciliation by annotation

[role="_abstract"]

> Restart reconciliation of the `SpireServer` by disabling `create-only` mode. This helps to ensure that the `SpireServer` resource works correctly when you restart the controller. You can diable this mode by updating the subscription object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restart reconciliation of the operands by disabling `create-only` mode. This helps to ensure that the operator-managed resource works correctly when the controller gets restarted. You can disable this mode by updating the subscription object.
```

.Procedure

Follow these steps to restart the reconciliation process:

. To restart reconciling the `SpireServer`, add the environment variable `CREATE_ONLY_MODE`: `false` in the subscription object by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n $OPERATOR_NAMESPACE patch subscription openshift-zero-trust-workload-identity-manager --type='merge' -p '{"spec":{"config":{"env":[{"name":"CREATE_ONLY_MODE","value":"false"}]}}}'
----

> . Restart the controller by running the following command:

Reviewer: remove the retart for the operator deployment.

Author: Done
